incorporating QE comments (#875)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_deploying-the-bare-metal-provisioning-service.adoc

To deploy the {bare_metal_first_ref}, you patch an existing `OpenStackControlPlane` custom resource (CR) that has the {bare_metal} disabled. The `ironic-operator` applies the configuration and starts the Bare Metal Provisioning services. After the services are running, the {bare_metal} automatically begins polling the power state of the bare metal nodes that it manages.

[NOTE]

> By default, {rhos_acro} versions {rhos_curr_ver} and later of the {bare_metal} include a restrictive role-based access control (RBAC) model and are multi-tenant aware. As a result, bare-metal nodes might be missing when you run the `openstack baremetal node list` command after you adopt the {bare_metal}. Your nodes are not deleted. Due to the increased access restrictions in the RBAC model, you must identify which project owns the missing bare-metal nodes and set the `owner` field on each missing bare-metal node .

Author: ```suggestion
By default, {rhos_acro} versions {rhos_curr_ver} and later of the {bare_metal} include a new multi-tenant aware role-based access control (RBAC) model. As a result, bare-metal nodes might be missing when you run the `openstack baremetal node list` command after you adopt the {bare_metal}. Your nodes are not deleted. Due to the increased access restrictions in the RBAC model, you must identify which project owns the missing bare-metal nodes and set the `owner` field on each missing bare-metal node .
```

> By default, {rhos_acro} versions {rhos_curr_ver} and later of the {bare_metal} contain a more restrictive access control model while also becoming multi-tenant aware. As a result, bare metal nodes might be missing from a `openstack baremetal node list` command after you adopt the {bare_metal}. Your nodes are not deleted. You must set the `owner` field on each bare metal node due to the increased access restrictions in the role-based access control (RBAC) model. Because this involves access controls and the model of use can be site specific, you should identify which project owns the bare metal nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, {rhos_acro} versions {rhos_curr_ver} and later of the {bare_metal} include a restrictive role-based access control (RBAC) model and are multi-tenant aware. As a result, bare-metal nodes might be missing when you run the `openstack baremetal node list` command after you adopt the {bare_metal}. Your nodes are not deleted. Due to the increased access restrictions in the RBAC model, you must identify which project owns the missing bare-metal nodes and set the `owner` field on each missing bare-metal node .
```
Questions:
* "contain a more restrictive access control model" - more than what? Is "more" needed?
* What does "becoming" mean in this context? Is it required?

My suggestion shows what it could read like without those qualifiers. I've also tried to simplify the message. And I've included an update for style adherence: use "bare metal" for nouns [1] and "bare-metal" for adjectives [2]

[1] [https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/rhci-documentation/docs-Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux_OpenStack_Platform/-/merge_requests/13634](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/rhci-documentation/docs-Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux_OpenStack_Platform/-/merge_requests/13634&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1743076273027231&usg=AOvVaw0mB6NiOx5Wxd5sGGgENPqV)
[2] [https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/rhci-documentation/docs-Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux_OpenStack_Platform/-/merge_requests/13634](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/rhci-documentation/docs-Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux_OpenStack_Platform/-/merge_requests/13634&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1743076273027270&usg=AOvVaw0H9mHFP-DVLUK3aFIO8oEf)

Author: I like this rewrite. It's much more direct and concise. @jparoly , @hjensas Please confirm the accuracy of this suggestion.

Reviewer 2: So "more" is "more restrictive than the previous versions access control model". 
I think "more restrictive" is a bit off point, technically correct  - but what is new is that it is "multi-tenant" aware - i.e "becoming" multi-tenant aware.

I think we could replace:
"include a restrictive role-based access control (RBAC) model and are multi-tenant aware."
with:
 "include a new multi-tenant aware role-based access control (RBAC) model."

          enforce_new_defaults=false
'
----
+

> After this configuration is applied, the operator restarts the Ironic API service and disables the new RBAC policy that is enabled by default.

Author: I moved the "After this configuration.." text below step 6 because it sounds like this text is describing the result of step 6.

> . View the bare metal nodes that do not have an owner assigned:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. View the bare-metal nodes that do not have an owner assigned:
```

          enforce_new_defaults=false
'
----
+
After this configuration is applied, the operator restarts the Ironic API service and disables the new RBAC policy that is enabled by default.

. View the bare-metal nodes that do not have an owner assigned:
+
----
$ openstack baremetal node list --long -c UUID -c Owner -c 'Provisioning State'
----

> . Assign all bare metal nodes with no owner to a new project, for example, the admin project:

Author: ```suggestion
. Assign all bare-metal nodes with no owner to a new project, for example, the admin project:
```
